Add v5 migration page (#40)
DV8FromTheWorld/JDA-Website: docs/introduction/migration-v4-v5.md

- [Examples](https://github.com/DV8FromTheWorld/JDA/tree/master/src/examples/java)
- [JDA 5 Javadocs](https://ci.dv8tion.net/job/JDA5/javadoc/)
- [Releases](https://github.com/DV8FromTheWorld/JDA/releases)

## Extensions That Support 5.X

Here is a list of known extensions that support 5.X.
The ones that are not checked do not support it yet. You should check that everything used in your project supports 5.X before starting migration.

- [x] [jda-reactor](https://github.com/MinnDevelopment/jda-reactor)
- [x] [LavaPlayer](https://github.com/sedmelluq/lavaplayer)
- [x] [jda-nas](https://github.com/sedmelluq/jda-nas)
    - [x] [udpqueue.rs](https://github.com/MinnDevelopment/udpqueue.rs) (for minimal Rust bindings)
- [x] [jda-ktx](https://github.com/MinnDevelopment/jda-ktx)
- [ ] [JDA-Utilities](https://github.com/JDA-Applications/JDA-Utilities)

## Introduction of Message Content Privileged Intent

> As part of upgrading to API v10, accessing the following user-generated content in messages now requires the Message Content privileged intent (`GatewayIntent.MESSAGE_CONTENT`):

Reviewer: Should be covered by the link to the wiki page for intents below.

### New Channel Attribute Interfaces

`GuildChannel` now implements `getGuild` and `getManager` *only*. It's meant to serve as a generic type to hold channels from guilds.

Specific channel attributes, such as slowmode and permissions, have been split into several interfaces. These interfaces can be found in [the `net.dv8tion.jda.api.entities.channel.attribute` package](https://ci.dv8tion.net/job/JDA5/javadoc/net/dv8tion/jda/api/entities/channel/attribute/package-summary.html). Each interface in this package extends `GuildChannel`.

### Permission Access Changes

> With JDA v5 introducing a more butchered down `GuildChannel` interface, `GuildChannel#getPermissionContainer() : IPermissionContainer` has been introduced to make accessing permissions easier. This allows for users to confidently access the entity that dictates the permissions for a given channel without having to check whether the channel actually supports permissions, such as in the case of threads.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With JDA v5 introducing a more basic `GuildChannel` interface, `GuildChannel#getPermissionContainer() : IPermissionContainer` has been introduced to make accessing permissions easier. This allows for users to confidently access the entity that dictates the permissions for a given channel without having to check whether the channel actually supports permissions, such as in the case of threads.
```

### Independant Stage Channel and News Channel Entities

[`StageChannel`](https://ci.dv8tion.net/job/JDA5/javadoc/net/dv8tion/jda/api/entities/channel/concrete/StageChannel.html) and [`NewsChannel`](https://ci.dv8tion.net/job/JDA5/javadoc/net/dv8tion/jda/api/entities/channel/concrete/NewsChannel.html) were previously variants of `VoiceChannel` and `TextChannel`. These are now their own independant entities. This comes with a number of changes:

- `ChannelAction#setNews` has been removed in favor of `ChannelAction.setType`
- `ChannelManager#getType` was removed in favor of `ChannelManager#getChannel()#getType`
- `ChannelManager#setNews` has been removed in favor of `ChannelManager#setType`
- `TextChannel#crosspostMessage` was removed in favor of `NewsChannel#crosspostMessage`
- `TextChannel#follow` has been removed in favor of `NewsChannel#follow`
- `TextChannel#isNews` has been removed

> 

Reviewer 2: Having both `has been removed in favor of` and `was removed in favor of` seems inconsistent

### Other Changes

- `StoreChannel` has been removed
- `PrivateChannel#getUser` is now nullable

> - `MessageChannel#getLatestMessageId` and `MessageChannel#getLatestMessageIdLong` no longer change to null if the message was deleted

Reviewer: No, this method has other purposes too. It's primarily used to check activity.

## Permission Changes

A number of permissions have been renamed, with one permission being removed entirely.

- `Permission.MANAGE_EMOTES` was renamed to `Permission.MANAGE_EMOTES_AND_STICKERS`
- `Permission.MESSAGE_READ` has been removed in favor of `Permission.VIEW_CHANNEL`
- `Permission.MESSAGE_WRITE` was renamed to `Permission.MESSAGE_SEND`
- `Permission.USE_SLASH_COMMANDS` was renamed to `Permission.USE_APPLICATION_COMMANDS`
- `Permission.USE_PUBLIC_THREADS` was renamed to `Permission.CREATE_PUBLIC_THREADS`

> - `Permission.USE_PRIVATE_THREADS` was renamed to `Permission.CREATE_PRIVATE_THREADS`

Reviewer 2: As above; having both `has been` and `was` seems inconsistent

## Event Changes

There are several changes related to events.

### Removal of Guild Context Message Events

All message event types for guild messages have been removed. Examples of these are:

- `Generic<Context>MessageEvent` (ex: `GenericGuildMessageEvent`)
- `<Context>MessageReceivedEvent` (ex: `GuildMessageReceivedEvent`)
- `<Context>MessageUpdateEvent` (ex: `GuildMessageUpdateEvent`)
- `<Context>MessageDeleteEvent` (ex: `GuildMessageDeleteEvent`)
- `<Context>MessageEmbedEvent` (ex: `GuildMessageEmbedEvent`)
- `<Context>MessageReaction<X>Event` (ex: `GuildMessageReactionAddEvent`)

> - etc

Reviewer 2: I don't think you need to include `etc` when these are non-comprehensive examples anyway

All events that update the gateway session of a bot now extend a common [`GenericSessionEvent`](https://ci.dv8tion.net/job/JDA5/javadoc/net/dv8tion/jda/api/events/session/GenericSessionEvent.html). Such events are located within [the `net.dv8tion.jda.api.events.session` package](https://ci.dv8tion.net/job/JDA5/javadoc/net/dv8tion/jda/api/events/session/package-summary.html). This also includes `ReadyEvent` and `ShutdownEvent`.

Some events relating to sessions have been renamed:

- `DisconnectEvent` has been renamed to `SessionDisconnectEvent`
- `ReconnectedEvent` has been renamed to `SessionRecreateEvent`
- `ResumedEvent` has been renamed to `SessionResumeEvent`

### Voice State Events

`GuildVoiceJoinEvent` and `GuildVoiceLeaveEvent` have both been removed in favor of the unified [`GuildVoiceUpdateEvent`](https://ci.dv8tion.net/job/JDA5/javadoc/net/dv8tion/jda/api/events/guild/voice/GuildVoiceUpdateEvent.html).

As an example, to detect when a user leaves a voice channel, you can use `GuildVoiceUpdateEvent#getChannelLeft`. This method will return the channel that the user left, or `null` if the user joined a channel instead.

## Intent and Member Cache Changes

> A few changes to intents and member caching were also made to improve the user experience.

Reviewer: The ones mentioned right below it?

- `Emoji.fromUnicode`<br>
    Parses codepoint notation like `"U+1F602"` or simply uses the provided unicode characters `"😃"`. This returns a concrete `UnicodeEmoji` type instance.
- `Emoji.fromCustom`<br>
    Creates a `CustomEmoji` instance from the provided name and id.
- `Emoji.fromFormatted`<br>
    Parses emoji instances from markdown such as `"<:minn:12345581261712671>"` and also supports unicode such as `"😃"` or codepoint notation `"U+1F602"`. This returns a `EmojiUnion` instance, which can be either custom or unicode.

You can see the full list of breaking changes in [#2117](https://github.com/DV8FromTheWorld/JDA/pull/2117).

## Message Send/Edit Rework

In JDA 5 we are separating the handling of message sending and editing, while also unifying all send and edit functionality in the API. The old `MessageBuilder` and `MessageAction` have been split up:

- `MessageCreateBuilder`
- `MessageCreateAction`
- `MessageEditBuilder`
- `MessageEditAction`

> This change should only affect few people who made use of `MessageBuilder` in the past. You need to update your code to either the edit or create builders. If you don't know whether the resulting operation is an edit or send request, you can simply always use `MessageEditBuilder` and then use `MessageCreateData.fromEdit(MessageEditData)` to convert it at call-site. You can also use similar factory methods to create a sendable message from the `Message` interface (`MessageCreateData.fromMessage(message)`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This change should only affect the few people who made use of `MessageBuilder` in the past. You need to update your code to either the edit or create builders. If you don't know whether the resulting operation is an edit or send request, you can simply always use `MessageEditBuilder` and then use `MessageCreateData.fromEdit(MessageEditData)` to convert it at call-site. You can also use similar factory methods to create a sendable message from the `Message` interface (`MessageCreateData.fromMessage(message)`).
```

Handling commands only changed slightly with regards to the way you reply. Previously, all `Interaction` types had a `reply(...)` or `deferReply(...)` method. This has been changed due to new interaction types like **AutoCompleteInteraction** and **ModalInteraction**. Now, each concrete interaction type implements specific **callback** interfaces such as:

- `IReplyCallback`<br>
    Which supports direct message replies and deferred message replies via `reply(String)` and `deferReply()`
- `IMessageEditCallback`<br>
    Which supports direct message edits and deferred message edits (or no-operation) via `editMessage(String)` and `deferEdit()`
- `IModalCallback`<br>
    Which supports choice suggestions for auto-complete interactions via `replyChoices(Command.Choice...)`
- `IAutoCompleteCallback`<br>

>     Which supports replying using a Modal via `replyModal(Modal)`

Reviewer 2: These are the wrong way around
